docs: add the TAD (#74)
thomas-mauran/LinkedOut: docs/tad.md

### Message Service

> The Message Service is responsible for managing messages and message channels within the LinkedOut platform. It handles the creation and retrieval of messages and message channels. By doing so, it allows the user to communicate with employers and directly exchange messages with them.

Reviewer: Describe a bit more this section: what is a message channel? how to create them?

![Graph database visualization](./assets/graph-db-1.png)

In the picture above, you can see the graph database after initialization: in red there's each job node, in yellow each job category node and in blue each job offer node.

When a new user profile is created, the Recommendation Service stores the user profile as a new node in the Neo4j graph database containing only its ID. Same thing when a new experience is created: we create a new node with the experience ID and link it to both a user node and a job.

By doing so we have a graph of users, experiences, jobs and job offers. We then use the Neo4j driver to retrieve the recommendations. We use the graph database to find the shortest path between the user and the job offer. We then return a list of job offers IDs. This list of job offers IDs is then used to retrieve the job offers from the job service. If there is no job offers to return, the job service will return all the job offers in the database.

![Graph database visualization](./assets/graph-db-2.png)

In the picture above you can see the graph database after we created a new user (the green node) with multiple experiences (the pink nodes).

## Kubernetes deployment

> We chose to deploy our microservices architecture on a Kubernetes cluster to take advantage of its container orchestration capabilities, scalability, and resilience and to improve our understanding of this tool. The production environment is deployed on a k3s cluster hosted on a proxmox virtual machine at Polytech. We used Kustomize to manage the configuration of the different services and to make the deployment easier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We chose to deploy our microservices architecture on a Kubernetes cluster to take advantage of its container orchestration capabilities, scalability, and resilience and to improve our understanding of this tool. The production environment is deployed on a k3s cluster hosted on a Proxmox virtual machine at Polytech. We used Kustomize to manage the configuration of the different services and to make the deployment easier.
```

  <br>
  Messages chan page
</div>

### Profile

Displays the user's profile. The user can edit their profile, add experiences availabilities as well as references. To do so we decided to go for a main profile screen with an edit button to edit the profile and a button to add experiences, availabilities and references. Each category has its own screen with both the information view and the edit view.
The profile screen provides comprehensive details including the user's email address, biography, phone number, address, list of experiences, availabilities, and references.

<div align="center">
  <img src="./assets/app/profile.png" alt="Profile Page" width="300">
  <br>
  Profile page
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img src="./assets/app/experiences.png" alt="Experience Page" width="300">
  <br>
  Experiences page
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img src="./assets/app/experienceEditBtn.png" alt="Experience Editing button" width="300">
  <br>
  Experiences Editing Page when pressing the edit button
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img src="./assets/app/experienceEdit.png" alt="Experience Editing" width="300">
  <br>
  Experiences Editingx
</div>

## Post mortem and conclusion

> Overall, the project was a success. We learned a lot about microservices, kubernetes, keycloak, neo4j, NATS, protobuf, and many other technologies. We also learned a lot about the importance of organization in general and how to prepare a project the right way by planning it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overall, the project was a success. We learned a lot about microservices, Kubernetes, Keycloak, Neo4j, NATS, Protocol Buffers, and many other technologies. We also learned a lot about the importance of organization in general and how to prepare a project the right way by planning it.
```

> Having a good view of the project before it starts is a key point. This is done by defining the Open API, by creating detailed models of the application. Doing this allows us to enlighten all the potential dark spots of the projects and to make sure if we work in a team that we have a same definition of done for each feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Having a good view of the project before it starts is a key point. This is done by defining the OpenAPI specification, by creating detailed models of the application. Doing this allows us to enlighten all the potential dark spots of the projects and to make sure if we work in a team that we have a same definition of done for each feature.
```
